---
title: Release 2022.35
author: Priya
date: 2022-09-09
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Enhancements

#### New column browser integrated with action bar
Integrated new column browser with dataset action bar that combines the functionalities of previous "Column browser" and "Explore columns". We will soon remove the "Explore columns" feature.

#### Storage based restrictions
Mammoth introduced storage-based restrictions to limit certain activities when an account reaches its storage limit. This is controlled via split, and if disabled, storage quota is not considered. 

#### Size infomation for views
Displaying view size under the settings section on the landing page for each dataset.

#### Enhanced user experience
Mammoth now  have integrated Data library breadcrumbs within the page content.It is removed from the Navbar.

#### Improved file handling capabilities
Mammoth has removed unrar dependency for handling archives and added support for  multiple formats like 7z, tar, gz, bz2, zip, xlsx, and psv formats to upload files.


### Defect fixes

* Resolved an issue where users were unable to save the template even if the pipeline was empty.
* Fixed the issue of no appropriate message displayed when unlinking/deleting an action or live link.
* Resolved the issue of Toast notification at bottom left interfering with the work on the pipeline.
* Fixed a few UI issues in the Data library new nav bar.
* Fixed the issue of an empty page showing up on login to an expired account.
* Resolved the issue where Explore card filtering was not working when > < symbols were present in data.
* Fixed the issue of an empty landing page showing up on login.
* Fixed the issue of Template failing silently.
* Resolved the issue where users couldn't switch accounts when the Remember me checkbox was unchecked.
* Fixed the issue where the Data Library List changed to reports when publish was executed in another tab.
* Resolved the issue of the Data library heading showing up on the File upload modal.
* Fixed the issue where the Window function - Lead and lag - was not giving the right results.
* Resolved the issue of no error notification displayed when trying to save a template with an empty pipeline.
* Fixed the issue of notifications overlapping when the dataset with a dependent workspace is deleted.
* Added view error handling in the nav bar.
* Fixed the extra space in the navbar in reports.
* Resolved the issue where the Report tab - Top header was showing "Data library" in the report section.
* Fixed an issue in Window Function rule where current date and timestamp being inserted when the resultant value is empty.
* Resolved the UX issue where account landing line items were shifted to the right side.
* Fixed the issue of Japanese Unicode text in column names not being retained.
* Resolved the issue where clicking on "Learn more" in Publish to DB did not open the correct help page.
* Fixed the issue of renaming the dataset from the preview panel not working properly.