---
title: Release 2022.39
author: Priya
date: 2022-09-30
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Enhancements

#### Data Library Migration
We're progressively migrating the data library to Vue JS. You will notice changes in the following areas: adding data by file, adding more data to DS, adding data webhooks, adding data by URL.

#### Branchout to dataset mapping in the pipeline
When copying the branchout task, it will now remember the mapping from source to destination DS. The branched-out tasks in the pipeline will also show the mapping.

#### Join Task
When copying the join tasks, it will now remember the common keys.


### Defect fixes

* Resolved the issue where the Add More Data modal was allowing multiple files to be added.
* Addressed frontend issues in Join, Branchout, and Copy-Paste of Branchout.
* Fixed the issue where editing a Crosstab task was giving an UndefinedTable error.
* Resolved the issue where Export to SFTP was not showing the correct details in the pipeline and apply changes module.
* Addressed an issue where Export to PostgreSQL task attached to another task in the pipeline that is suspended was failing.
* Resolved the issue where saving a large template was not working.
* Resolved the issue where renaming a Resultant Dataset was not reflecting in the pipeline.
* Resolved the issue where the new column name was not being retained for an Explore Card when switching from chart view to list view.
* Resolved the issue where copying a Join rule was not showing the number of rows in preview at that point in pipeline.