---
title: Release 2022.33
author: Priya
date: 2022-08-19
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Enhancements

#### Window Function Enhancements:
Mammoth now supporting operations like Maximum, Minimum, First Value, Last Value, Nth Value, Lead, Lag on date columns in window function.

#### Improved Task Pasting in Empty Pipelines:
We've made it easier to paste tasks into an empty pipeline of a different data source (DS). Previously, users had to right-click to access this feature, but we've now added a link in the empty pipeline for better visibility. However, users can still use the right-click method to paste tasks as well.

#### Secure Task Copy-Pasting:
We have enhanced the ability to copy-paste tasks such as Postgres, MySQL, and others. The copied task will not include any sensitive information like connection credentials to third parties.

#### Added Task Support in Template:
We have added support for the following tasks in templates, which can be saved and applied easily:
* Google BigQuery
* CSV Live Link
* Publish to DB

Now you can use these tasks in your templates and streamline your workflow.

#### New Nav Bar Improvements:
* Mammoth now shows a search bar with new nav bar.It is present on the landing page.
* Mammoth now shows the workflow status modal with new nav bar.

### Defect fixes

* Fixed an issue where account landing page was continuously flickering.
* Fixed an issue where the user listing on the new admin page was not displaying clean UX.
* Fixed an issue where the "Paste Below" option was pasting above in the pipeline.
* Fixed an issue where data in/out links were not visible.
* Fixed an issue where clicking on the Captcha component during login did not activate the login button.