---
title: Release note 2022-11-24
author: karthick
date: 2022-11-24
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

### **Enhancements:**

* Auto convert common keys(columns) in join rule -
When joining two views, we allow common keys to be of different types in the source and target views. We auto-convert the column type of the foreign key during the join.

* Migration of keycloak to mammoth -
Now we are providing the authentication with Single Sign On with the user's Google ids. We are using Keycloak(IAM) tool for this. Keycloak builds on industry-standard protocols supporting OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect (OAuth 2.0 + Authentication Layer), and SAML 2.0. It uses its user database for authentication.

### **Bug fixes:**
>These were the bugs detected and they’ve now been fixed -

* Functional issues in reordering tasks in the pipeline.
* Mail templates were using the old mammoth logo.
* The join rule drop-down was not showing the views to select from when the join rule is new in the pipeline and auto-run off.
* Pipeline reorder - Cancelling reorder was not reinstating the reordered step.
* Pipeline - Discarding changes was not updating reordered steps position in UI.
* Failure to fix Export - PostgreSQL not acknowledged. It was failing silently.
* Reports were not showing proper date formats.
* Index row size was exceeding max value: Postgres error in backend and because of this error branchout to ds was failing.
* Account list didn't have a vertical scroll bar to navigate when the user is part of multiple accounts.
* Pasting crosstab task was showing incorrect name i.e branchout in the pipeline.
* Branch out - DS name was not showing up when opened to edit the action in auto-run off mode.
* After OAuth type identity creation on qa, it was navigating to the file uploads tab instead of taking it to the respective integration.


### **Internal Improvements:**

* Renaming of vue component to fit the new pages model.
