---
title: Release 2022.40
author: Priya
date: 2022-10-10
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Enhancements

#### Updated navigation bar
Implemented a new look and feel for the data library nav bar and side bar.The side bar on the landing page now includes two sections: "MyFiles" and "Report", with additional items to be added in the future.The "Add new data" option shifted to the right. Use the + icon on the top-right to fetch data from desktop, URLs, webhooks, and APIs & Databases..


### Defect fixes

* Resolved issue where preview was not showing up for the left side dataset's preview in Join rule.
* Addressed UI distortion on the Query box screen for Third party model.
* Fixed an issue where the popover was hidden behind the data grid when the live link was generated in Live link.
* Join rule- Editing Join rule was not showing the correct number of rows in preview at that point in pipeline.Fixed this issue.
* Resolved typo in Plan cards for checkout button in Settings-Plan.
* Resolved issue where clicking on the mammoth icon on the setting page resulted in an empty landing page.
* Addressed issue where toast notifications for adding more data and third party window appeared in the background.
* Resolved issue where there was no proper error message while creating a share-point connection.
* Resolved issue where the action resulted in an "oops something went wrong" notification instead of showing a proper error message.
* Resolved issue where deleting a foreign view in Join rule showed false deletion.
* The UI and functional issues with the Column browser have been resolved.
* Resolved issue where values were missing in the list for Bulk replace.
* In and out links content was not displaying correctly.