---
title: Release 2023.27
author: Priya
date: 2023-06-27
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

### Enhancements:
#### Data Sync Controls:
Data Sync now provides enhanced capabilities for managing data connections and controlling the flow of data between different components. With these improvements, you can:
###### a)Preview Panel: 
* Gain access to data sync controls.
* Access a wider range of dataset properties and view information.
* Access view controls directly from preview panel.

###### b)Pipeline: 
* Exercise more control over data handling at each step of the pipeline.
* Utilize the new data-sync toggle option to manage data synchronization.

#### Improved Data Flow Status:
The workflow status modal has been enhanced to offer a comprehensive overview of active pipelines and data flows. Key features of this update include:

###### a) Action Required:

* Pending Data Updates: If an ongoing data flow encounters a task or view with data sync turned off, preventing further progress, the task and view details will be displayed in this section.
* Pending Pipeline Changes: Any pipelines in draft mode that have pending changes will be highlighted here.

###### b) Active Pipelines:
* Running: Providing information on currently running pipelines.
* Queued: Displaying information on pipelines in the queue.

###### c)Run updates from workflow status modal: 
Now, in addition to viewing pending data updates and pipeline changes, you can directly initiate the execution of these updates from within the workflow status modal itself.

#### Show exports in Data-Out Links :
The data out indicator in the data library has been enhanced to display various exports, such as SQL Server, Postgres, and more, alongside other data connections.

#### Allow downloading CSV at step level :
Mammoth now offers the capability to download CSV files directly from the preview data at different steps within the pipeline, providing greater flexibility and convenience for data analysis and manipulation.


### Defect Fixes:
* Resolved an issue where opening multiple views in a dataset sequentially would cause the page to become laggy and unresponsive over time.
* Fixed the problem causing significant delay and page hang when opening the branchout function panel with a large number of columns.
* Third Party Modal : Addressed the issue causing the query box to fluctuate inconsistently during the "Retrieve Latest Data" operation.
* Improved overall performance for larger pipelines, resulting in better performance even with larger datasets.