---
title: Release 2023.32
author: Priya
date: 2023-08-11
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

### Enhancements:

#### SFTP Access Enhancement:
You can now access SFTP through an SSH key for third-party imports. In addition to password-based authentication, this update introduces authentication using a private SSH key.

#### Streamlined Column Copying (Alpha Feature):
Copying multiple columns is now more efficient. Instead of creating a separate rule per column, users can use a single copy rule for multiple columns. This functionality is accessible through the transform menu and enhances workflow efficiency.




### Defect Fixes:
* Resolved an inconsistency in Branch out rule when deleting the resultant dataset.
* Fixed an issue where pipeline changes were not being reflected in the data flow status modal.
* Fixed an issue where the "Publish to DB" task was going into error when any rules were removed from the pipeline.
* Resolved an issue with copy paste of copy column rule.
* Third-Party Connector: Resolved the Salesforce error that was occurring when attempting to create a dataset.
* Resolved an issue where performing consecutive actions like adding, deleting, or suspending batches did not maintain the correct row count in all views
* Third-Party Connector:Fixed the issue where creating an identity for Google Drive, Google Sheets, Dropbox, etc., was not redirecting to the respective connector after a successful identity creation.
* Resolved the problem of copy-pasting tasks not functioning correctly for certain tasks, which was causing a loader to appear.
* Corrected the task card's display of incorrect row count for Window function tasks when "Limit ranking" was selected.