---
title: Release 2023.43
author: Priya
date: 2023-10-25
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Enhancements:

#### Introducing the Ability to Download Reports in CSV and XLSX Formats:
We have added a significant enhancement that enables users to download reports in both CSV and XLSX formats. This feature provides greater flexibility and convenience when working with your reports.

#### Enhanced Authentication Features:
Mammoth now offers the following improvements-
* Prevents the use of the previous 12 passwords on Mammoth.
* Account locking after 5 consecutive incorrect login attempts.
* Password expiration after 90 days.
* Workspace-specific mandatory 2FA support, allowing administrators to require 2FA for specific workspaces.
* 1-hour idle session timeout for enhanced security.

### Defect Fixes:
* Fixed an issue where the Cancel button remained enabled after pressing submit on the identity creation screen.
* Fixed an issue where the Edit connection button appeared in third party pulled data sources for project_analyst users in the preview section.
* Resolved an issue where it was necessary to refresh the page to reflect sorting performed by other users through the sort footer.
* Addressed an issue where the live link was not working.
* Fixed an issue where scheduled pulls were not happening for SFTP-based datasets.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the creation of an SFTP identity via an SSH key.
* Resolved an issue where the pipeline tasks button was showing the wrong tooltip.


