---
title: Release 2023.50
author: Priya
date: 2023-12-12
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Enhancements:

### Export as Dataset (Alpha Feature):
You can now create a Dataset from a View as a one-time export. This feature supports exporting data based on filters in explore cards. Since this is a one-time export, it is disjointed and not added to pipelines in the View.


### Defect Fixes:
* Addressed an issue where changing the frequency of data pull in third-party connector modals resulted in the incorrect display of connection status.
* Resolved an issue with the label insert rule where the insertion of blank values was not functioning as intended.
* Fixed the issue in third-party connector modals where editing the schedule did not update the next pull timing in the preview panel.
* Third party connector modals - Resolved an anomaly in the retrieval frequency displaying as "Daily."
* Fixed the Explore card values to show the correct name, especially in cases with new lines or extra spaces between special characters.
* Third party connector modals- Fixed an issue where edit connection from data retrieval schedule section was not auto-populating the values.
* Resolved the issue with the simultaneous display of items in both "Action Required" and "Active Pipelines" tabs in the data flow status modal.
* Fixed the text transform rule to normalize non-standard unicode spaces within the text, including those at the beginning or end.
* Resolved the issue where the  rule - insert value displayed "[blank]" in draft mode.
* Fixed the bulk replace rule to ensure complete values are shown in the left bucket for a specific file.
* Fixed an inconsistency in the behavior of the download report feature.
* Resolved the issue where numeric formats were not applied when converting a text column to a numeric column.
* Resolved an issue where users were unable to close explore cards opened within reports.
* Addressed an issue where progress bars for long-running tasks were not displaying in the pipeline upon page refresh.
