---
title: Release 2023.40
author: Priya
date: 2023-10-04
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

### Defect Fixes:
* Resolved an issue where Reports couldn't be opened when the user wasn't subscribed to any project.
* Fixed the problem of not being able to open existing reports when logging in through the Published Report mail link.
* Corrected the display of pipelines, which would erroneously remain in a pending state even after submission and execution.
* Updated the default pop-up behavior for SFTP imports when there are no connections.
* Resolved the issue where the pipeline task would display an undefined column name when the NTILE function was selected for the Window function.
* Addressed the issue where leaving the only project a user is part of in a workspace resulted in a blank area.
* Removed the error toast that appeared when a user logged in and opened a dataview.
* Resolved the problem where "Settings - App usage" incorrectly displayed a size of 0 bytes.
* Adjusted the height of the Preview panel to ensure it is not shorter than the Data Source listing on the landing page.
* Fixed column mapping and dataset name display issues in Combine Data Source modal.
* Fixed Data Flow Schedule to generate correct and complete dependency graphs in some scenarios.
* Resolved an issue where clicking on a dataset name from a dataview failed to return the user to the parent folder and the same project.
* Resolved the problem of data containing persistent stale batches.
* Fixed the issue where the deletion of a view did not navigate the user to the previously selected view of the same data source.
* Resolved the issue where newly created projects displayed datasets from other projects.
* Resolved the problem where switching to a project resulted in a blank landing page.

### Internal Improvements :

* Improved the "Apply Template" feature to prevent unnecessary duplicate POST requests when applying a template for the second time.
* Optimized the "hash_json" API to utilize a minimal set of fields, enhancing efficiency.
