---
title: Release 2023.26
author: Priya
date: 2023-06-22
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

### Enhancements

### Improved Date difference rule

Enhanced the Date difference rule to ensure that the result of the date difference is always a positive integer when the start date is earlier than the end date.


### Defect fixes

* Resolved the issue where the "Move to" UI in the Folder feature was broken.
* Fixed the issue where not all assets of an account were transferred to the target user.
* Resolved the issue of invalid HTML presence in the DOM, causing the element to overflow and be absent from the viewport.
* Fixed the issue where downloading as CSV would result in downloading the CSV file twice.
* Resolved the issue where resetting the foreign view in the Join rule did not update the dependent data sources.
* Fixed the issue where Branch out did not exit the error state when columns were reordered and all columns were correctly mapped.
* Resolved the issue where the Pipeline remained in an error state even after fixing the rule.
* Fixed the issue where creating a data source with combine mode and a USC column failed in Snowflake.
* Resolved the issue where email notifications were not sent when branch out or join operations encountered errors.
* Fixed the issue where the Duplicate entry modal in the Join rule displayed overlapping text when the key column had duplicate values and they were long strings.
* Resolved the issue where incorrect data was displayed in the Third-party connector modal when quickly changing the table name.
* Resolved the issue where applying a template or adding a group aggregate rule would result in an empty grid.
* Fixed the issue where the "Download as CSV" feature did not export only the filtered data when explore card filters were applied.

