---
title: Release 2023.30
author: Priya
date: 2023-07-26
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

### Enhancements:
#### Password Protected XLSX File Support:
Users can now open password-protected XLSX files directly from file uploads or through SFTP connections. This enhancement enables secure handling of sensitive data.


#### Maximizable Filter Condition Popover:
We have improved the filter condition popover by allowing users to maximize it to its full size.Now, users can easily work with complex filter conditions.

#### Optimized Explore Cards and Filter Widget:
We have optimized the explore cards and filter widget functionality. When users select multiple granular values in a numeric column, the filter will now consolidate them into a single condition instead of creating numerous separate conditions.



### Defect Fixes:
* Resolved an issue where Running total and Rank functions didn't automatically select the column when chosen from the column menu.
* Fixed the problem of the "Clear" button text going out of the field in Edit Query modal.
* Resolved the conflict arising from having the same connector keys for data import and export for third-party connectors.
* Fixed the bug where the grid was showing the wrong column order.
* Fixed the issue causing MSSQL export validation to fail during editing.
* Resolved the problem with Join rule's data sync status not properly retaining its status when the join rule is restored.
* Fixed the error where applying a filter on an explore card was not showing the result, and the loader was seen on the row count summary.
* Fixed the browser crash occurring due to datagrid refreshes when applying a template containing 125 tasks on a dataset containing 55 columns.
* Resolved the data sync issue by now deleting the dependencies when an action is suspended.