---
title: Release 2023.09
author: Priya
date: 2023-03-01
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

### Enhancements

#### Warning for Duplicate Foreign View Key Columns in Join Rule
Mammoth now warns the user when applying a join rule, only if the key columns from the foreign view used have non-unique values. This warning will be shown even if the rows don't exceed the threshold. If the rows exceed the threshold and result in a join runtime error, this warning will also be displayed.

#### Data Deletion upon Deletion of Contributing Actions
When an action is deleted, the data contributed by it will also be deleted. For example, a batch contributed in the case of "Save as Ds -replace mode," the published database in the case of "publish to db."

#### Back Button for Data Addition Modals
Data addition modals now have a back button that redirects to the main menu.

### Defect fixes

* Addressed the issue where pipeline rules were being modified unexpectedly when changing the foreign view in join.
* Resolved the issue where window function sort was becoming undefined upon duplicating the view.
* Fixed the issue of column names not being generated correctly when changing data settings for CSV files in the file processor.
* Resolved the issue where Apply template was not working on views.
* Third-party modal: Fixed the issue of Text type columns being listed in the unique sequence column dropdown.
* Third-party modal: The Schedule option no longer shows up from Google Drive and Google Dropbox.
* Handled the issue where the user with no account was previously showing a loader on the UI.