---
title: Release 2024.20
author: Priya
date: 2024-05-16
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Enhancement:

#### Manage Storage: Eliminate Sorting for Columns and Rows:
To enhance user experience, we've removed sorting options for columns and rows in the Manage Storage feature. This adjustment aligns with user expectations and reduces potential confusion.

### Defect Fixes:
* Resolved an issue where the Window function rule for nth value, first value, and last value required an implicit sort on the source column, resulting in incorrect results.
* Resolved an issue where copying and pasting a join rule also copied aliased column names.
* Addressed an issue where the Data Library page required a refresh after adding a connector from the Settings page.
* Resolved an issue where clicking on the "see all plans" button on the Settings page prevented users from viewing the current plans sheet.
* Addressed an issue where switching the workspace on the Settings page did not reflect the user icon in the project section.
* Fixed an issue where clicking "Manage storage" for a workspace member with full storage did not highlight the "Data Storage" section on the Settings page.
* Resolved an issue where clicking on a premium connector not yet enabled for the user didn't automatically select the connector in the manage connectors modal on the Settings page.
* Resolved an issue where deleting the BranchOut's parent dataset did not delete the batch in the resultant dataset.
* Addressed multiple restriction-related issues, including modal copy updates, accurate toast notifications during plan upgrades and cancellations, seamless storage updates on the landing page, and proper handling of storage full notifications post-purchase.







