---
title: Release 2025.06
author: Priya
date: 2025-02-04
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Product Enhancement :
* Improved overall app performance, with optimizations across key areas including BranchOut, dataset view lists, folder management, onboarding, and modal interactions for a more seamless user experience.
* Removed the dataflow status icon badge and animated icon from the navbar to improve front-end performance, as these elements required client-side computation to stay updated in real-time.
* Improved search functionality in Explore card to automatically clear the search query when the search section is closed or the search icon is clicked.

### Defect Fixes:
* Fixed an issue where clicking on a view from the search results did not open the same tab if the view was already open.
* Resolved an issue where the loader failed to appear while datasets were being listed in the Settings - Manage Storage section.
* Addressed an issue where condition settings were not retained when a user changed the column, even if it was still compatible.
* Fixed a problem with the Label Rule column menu that prevented it from working for text and date columns when blank values were inserted.
* Resolved an issue with the Explore card where summary values overlapped.
* Fixed an issue where copying and pasting a join rule did not copy the updated prefix.
* Addressed a problem where the JSON extract rule removed the \n character in text.
* Resolved an issue in the Data Editor where the presence of the Intercom icon prevented the removal of the last value from a long list of filters in the Explore card.
* Fixed an issue where missing column mapping was not displayed in the BranchOut function panel.
* Fixed an issue that caused incorrect users to be logged in.

