---
title: Release 2025.15
author: Priya
date: 2025-04-08
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Product Enhancement :
* Introduced view tabs in Data Editor (Interface V2), allowing easy access to views and operations from the footer.
* Enabled reordering of values within Label and Insert rules for better flexibility and control.
* Enhanced dataset cloning with new options to include data batches and views. Users can now choose to copy dataset content and clone all views, including those with pipelines.

Clone dataset feature is now live as alpha release. If you’re interested in early access, reach out to us at [support@mammoth.io](mailto:support@mammoth.io) or via the in-app chat.

### Defect Fixes:
Resolved the following issues:
* Active workspace was incorrectly marked as expired.
* Crosstab now shows a proper error message when the max column limit is exceeded for large datasets.
* 'Apply Now' button in Draft mode was appearing intermittently.
* Condition module now updates the input type correctly when the column type is changed.
* Unable to rename a dataset after deletion has been resolved.
* Chatbot in the preview panel no longer overlaps with the next page arrow in batch tables.
* Copy-pasting the export action between views now works even for empty pipelines.
* Fixed column selection issues in Group & Aggregate where 'Select All' and string-based selections did not behave as expected.
* Fixed issue where users received no feedback during dataset duplication by displaying a loader on the landing page to indicate cloning is in progress.