---
title: Release 2025.08
author: Priya
date: 2025-02-19
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Product Enhancement :
* Enable keyboard navigation in the grid input box.
* Remove active user indicator in Data Editor page when no other users are active.
* Fix grid illustration size.
* Show task suspended status in pipeline multi-select mode.
* Logout all sessions when a user resets their password.
* Set minimum password length to 12 characters.
* Keep "Next" button enabled in bulk replace under certain conditions.

### Defect Fixes:
* Resolved an issue where the delete multiple folder toast notification did not show the number of items queued for deletion.
* Fixed an issue with the Explore card not auto-updating according to pipeline changes.
* Resolved an issue where the page responsive modal appeared when applying filters to the Explore card.
* Fixed an issue with the Explore card not displaying unique value counts for columns with very long names.
* Addressed an issue where the split column rule was not functioning as expected.
* Resolved an issue preventing Publish to DB on a fresh view immediately.
* Fixed an issue where clicking on Data in links for join and lookup did not open the views.
* Resolved an issue where the join rule was not appearing in the pipeline.
* Fixed an issue where inserting 0 into a numeric column resulted in blank values.
* Resolved an issue where clicking on the DS name in the DataView page did not preselect the DS in the data library.
* Addressed an issue where collaboration indicators were missing in the DataView.
