---
title: Release 2025.49
author: Priya
date: 2025-12-02
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Product Enhancement :

* Added Data Quality modal on the Data Editor page to provide clearer insights into score, completeness, critical issues, and recommendations.
* Updated Sign In / Sign Up experience with improved layout, simplified forms, updated background and streamlined email verification flow.
* Applied general UI updates on the Data Editor page to enhance consistency, readability, and overall user experience.
* Implemented an Email OTP login option, allowing users to sign in using a one-time code and switch seamlessly between password login and OTP login.
* Improved the login experience by introducing Invisible reCAPTCHA with an email OTP fallback for users flagged during password login.
* Added a resizable drawer to the PDF extraction preview (PDF/Image) for improved viewing flexibility.
* Updated tooltips for search bar options in Transform Rules, now displaying: “Match case” and “Approximate matches.”

### Defect Fixes :
Resolved the following issues:

* Fixed the issue where Category/Event filters in Activity Log were not working for Orchestration.
* Corrected a display issue in Orchestration where views were not shown properly when a dataset required processing.
* Removed an unnecessary message that was being displayed in the Batch Delete confirmation modal.
* Fixed an issue in Explore Card where scrolling through multiple batches caused the view to lose track of the first batch.