---
title: Release 2025.24
author: Priya
date: 2025-06-09
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---
### Product Enhancement :
##### Enhanced User Management Interface (v2):
* Revamped User Management UI to provide clearer visibility of users, their roles, and assigned projects.
* Introduced an intuitive project-role switcher allowing quick changes between Admin and Analyst roles per project.
* Improved experience while viewing project-level assignments in both list and detailed views.
* Workspace deletion now shows an enhanced Review Workspaces confirmation with alerts, highlighting access revocation before profile deletion.
* Optimized project sorting, search, and filtering to manage users at scale more efficiently.
* Workspace owner can manage all the projects of the workspace.
* Added a new ‘Delete Profile’ feature, allowing users to view impacted workspaces and proceed with profile removal.
* Added an explicit option to assign ownership to workspace members directly from the member list.


##### Redesigned ‘Add New Data’ Modal (v2):
Introduced a redesigned ‘Add new data’ modal in the V2 interface, allowing users to upload or select files and choose how to add, combine, or replace data using clear batch and column mapping options.

##### Improved Preview Panel Interaction (v2):
 In the V2 interface, preview panel actions are now displayed directly in the main view for quicker access.

##### Dynamic Browser Tab Status Indicator:
The browser tab icon now reflects the real-time status of pipeline processing.
States include loading, error, and completed, helping users monitor progress at a glance.

### Defect Fixes:

Resolved the following issues:

* Search functionality in Bulk Replace did not work as expected.
* Batch-specific columns appeared incorrectly in dataset settings.













